Xiaoer, have another bowl.
Boss, you can eat too much
My hands are sore
Who made you cook so well?
It's a shame I'm going to be a cook
Hmm that's not
I will. That's a lot. Yeah.
Cooking is my hobby
Said you were fat and you were panting
Go get me two more dishes
Oh, dear.
I was born to be a little brother
I don't know how Yuan Fang and the others are preparing
Inspectorate
Introduce yourself
I am Song Qiuci of the Inspectorate Team
Ah, so it's the legendary and mysterious Captain Song?
ask for praise
Mystery is an exaggeration.
But yeah.
I just got back from a business deal abroad
It's better to be back in China now
Captain Song came to me
Isn't it just for the painter?
No, definitely not.
I'm going to cut this short.
I really admire you.
Are you interested in joining the Inspectorate?